If you flew up to a planet in the middle of space, and there was nothing except you and this planet in the hypothetical universe, how on earth would you measure how fast it is spinning. I don’t think you can! Well what if there was a moon of this planet that was way way the hell out there. And what if you measured the planets spin with respect to this moon and said wow this moon is the thing that is stationary and calculated orbital velocity relative to the moon. Well big G could be just about anything in that case. What if the moon was close enough that it was basically touching the planet (just ignore tidal forces okay) well. And what if the planet was such that its spin with respect to the moon was zero. Then if you were to stand on the planet you’d be like yooo damn there’s like no gravity on this planet. Idk just random. I guess you could measure the spin by being in orbit and sending a bunch of pods hither and tither and observing them to see which ones fall out of orbit the fastest, then do some iteration until you find the exact speed for the fastest decent rate. Then you could measure the spin of the planet relative to a thing depending at the fastest rate. Yeah that’s probably what you’d do. Nvm that moon BS. But what if you were orbiting a black hole or something. You’d have to orbit insanely fast. Like crazy crazy fast like speed of light speed. In that case, like you’d have such a tough time sending pods in each direction and seeing which one falls the fastest. You’d probably just measure the spin of the black hole relative to the orbit of light or some bs. Being able to measure the spin relative to the fastest descending object is kinda crazy because that would mean in an empty universe you’d be able to have a measure for the spin relative to ____. Relative to what is just my question!? This implies some sort of fabric or ether of the universe. This relates to like the conservation of angular momentum or smthn. I mean it like this: all the planets are in the same plane of orbit around the sun, this is because the sun is moving through space. But like what if there was nothing else out there except the solar system. That means that we can measure the velocity of the sun without anything else around. 
<br> its 2:09 AM rn idk whats going on. I'll read this back and edit it later. This was kind of the thought I was trying to convey back in august 2022 