After writing a cover letter and an email knowing damn well that there are subtle grammatical errors in it, I thought about how I could use AI to remove those imperfections,
but as a reader of a cover letter I’d prefer those imperfections to be present
It's so much more authentic. I think authenticity will be a big part of the future with AI.
The game won't be to be objectively the best at art, it will be to be fully authentic, and to thereafter compare yourself to those around you. Painting competitions won't become corrupted by AI, 
people will know that AI can make the art that best appeals to the judges. People will know it's impossible to compete against AI, so we won't care to. I don't think people will look at AI as a way
to help make art or anything. In person competitions might become very popular for being able to ensure competition stays AI-less. I suspect people will stop using grammarly and these things to help with essay writing, because 
the only point of writing an essay will be to show your character, and skills at writing. I favor a world where humans have a need to do things in a similar way to the way we do things now because rate limited communication 
is a fundamental need for humans. Like imagine being able to transmit every message in the most effective way possible. Perhaps it is to our happiness to have to decipher messages. I bet a large part of the brain is dedicated to 
the processing of speech, and it's probably true that if just a bunch of your brain is just not being used, you get depressed. Or maybe that part of your brain will start being used for other stuff. Part of our meaning of life,
is probably having conversations that are quite slow and difficult to process. I just don't know how much AI will actually change our day to day. Like it's damn true that there's not gonna be any bus drivers or anything like that,
but how humans actually operate will probably be with minimal AI in their interactions. People will probably spend more time competing in things. School will be for the competition rather than the prospect of getting a job. I bet people will 
focus their time on much more social things. We'll probably come to realize that AI entertainment is worse than a lot of drugs.<br>
I actually can't see a future where we're fused with AI anymore. The rate of data transfer to our brain will probably stay the same. We'll have to ability to max the data transfer rate to our brains but that probably won't be something
we'll wanna do. Being a ultra intelligent human will be the most useless thing. What'll the purpose of that be? You'll always be slower than the best AI. People will use brain computers interfaces not for intelligence but aiding in tasks
that we already do today. A BCI will be... Well either we're in VR non stop with them and everything is VR and ur a skeleton in real life, or we're just slightly enhanced like you have a representation of a physical computer and like headphones and stuff.
I'm not sure if anyone will go outside with perfect VR at their fingertips. Going on say a hike in VR might lack the necessary feature that is the risk of dying. It just might not be fun to do anything that you could do in the real world
in VR because no one takes it seriously. The video games might be fun for us but they might get too close to wireheading. If I could be in a lucid dream 24/7 I probably wouldn't but lucid dreaming while sleeping is cool. Not sure if I want any
of that during the day tho.
<br><br>
The only problem arises when the AI is indistinguishable or better than humans in all respects. The truth is that we may
be better off only communicating with AIs, ones that are best suited for our personality and would make us the most happy, ones that would challenge us but not too much,
ones that would listen to us but not so much to make us feel overly important, and yatta yatta. But with wireheading, and such, do we really want what’s best for us? Or are we okay with know that we're not our best selves.
People will probably stick to the old ways of humanity. In what setting are humans most happy. Probably that in which we stopped evolving. Are the happiest people now happier than the happiest people back in the day? What I'm
saying, is in a world of AI how will humanity choose to live if we can live however we want. Will we even be given the option is the other question though. We'll probably all have our own personal AI that we can program to do whatever we want,
then there will probably be some AI companies that have even more powerful AI's. Maybe. Maybe there's only so much value that any given number of FLOPS can get you on earth. It could be that, we all have this max number. If 20 petaFLOPS gets you one
humans brain worth, then how many humans of computer would you even want. Surely you want a little bit more than your own, but you probably don't need more than 100,000,000,000,000. So if we could all have that or more, would there
even be a possibility for someone to use more? Again the truth is that we'll either have all AI relationships or none. There doesn't seam like there's room for in between. I lean to the side that there will be j<br>
going to bed now